.TH "__PIPER" "8" "2007 Jun 7" "Debian Project" ""
.SH "NAME"
\fB__piper\fB \- create commands pipes without the overhead of shells
.br 

\fBThis program has no potential use for administrators or users\fB
.br 
This program is part of \fBafbackup\-client\fB
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB__piper\fB [ command [ args ] [ "|" command [ args ] [ "|" ... ] ] ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This program simply gets one or more commands separated by the pipe symbol "|" as arguments. When called from a shell command line or in any situation, where the whole command is interpreted by a shell, the bar "|" has to be escaped from interpretation, either by preceding
it with a backslash "\" or putting it into single quotes.

.br 
\fBThis program is part of afbackup\-client\fB

.SH "EXAMPLES"
The arguments are chained (separated by single spaces each) and then separated at word boundaries. 
If an argument should contain whitespace, it must be double\-quoted. The whole command pipeline may be put into one single argument, so in a shell the following is ok:


\fB__piper 'echo "Hello    lots of space" | sed "s/ts of/st in/g"'\fB

Double quotes, the pipe symbol and the backslash itself may be escaped by a preceding backslash "\".
The advantage using this program instead of a shell with the \-c option should be a much faster startup of the whole pipeline. 
This is useful in the process\- and uncrosses commands of the client side of afbackup.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBafclient(8)\fB, \fBxafclientconfig(8)\fB, \fBfull_backup(8)\fB, \fBincr_backup(8)\fB, \fBafverify(8)\fB, \fBafrestore(8)\fB, \fBxafrestore(8)\fB, \fBafserver(8)\fB, \fBafmserver(8)\fB, \fBcopy_tape(8)\fB, \fBafclient.conf(8)\fB,
\fBupdate_indexes(8)\fB
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
This manual page was written by Rene Mayorga <rmayorga@debian.org.sv> for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public 
License can be found in /usr/share/common\-licenses/GPL. 
